Add a third way to run DESeq2 in Ref-based tuto (#5512)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/transcriptomics/tutorials/ref-based/tutorial.md

>
> 2. {% tool [Extract element identifiers](toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/iuc/collection_element_identifiers/collection_element_identifiers/0.0.2) %} with the following parameters:
>    - {% icon param-collection %} *"Dataset collection"*: `all counts`
>
>    We will now split the collection by treatment. We need to find a pattern which will be present into only one of the 2 categories. We will use the word `untreat`:
>
> 3. {% tool [Search in textfiles](toolshed.g2.bx.psu.edu/repos/bgruening/text_processing/tp_grep_tool/9.3+galaxy1) %} (grep) with the following parameters:
>    - *"Select lines from"*: `Extract element identifiers on data XXX` (output of  **Extract element identifiers** {% icon tool %})
>    - *"that"*: `Match`
>    - *"Regular Expression"*: `untreat`
>
> 4. {% tool [Filter collecion](__FILTER_FROM_FILE__) %} with the following parameters:
>    - *"Input collection"*: `all counts`
>    - *"How should the elements to remove be determined"*: `Remove if identifiers are ABSENT from file`
>        - *"Filter out identifiers absent from"*: `Search in textfiles on data XXX` (output of  **Search in textfiles** {% icon tool %})
>

> > 5. Rename both collections `untreat` (the filtered collection) and `treat` (the discarded collection).

Author: ```suggestion
> 5. Rename both collections `untreated` (the filtered collection) and `treated` (the discarded collection).
```
